# inoisy
2+1D GRFs of accretion disks generated by HYPRE (version 2.11.2)

Generates Gaussian random fields (GRFs) following Lindgren et al. 2011.

Requires HYPRE, HDF5, and MPI.
The flag HYPRE_DIR may need to be added or adjusted in the Makefile to point to the correct hypre directory. 

Compile with:   
```make all```  
or  
```make <model name> e.g. make general_xy```

Sample run:     
```mpirun -np 8 general_xy -n 64 -solver 1 -pgrid 4 2 1 -output data```  
```mpiexec -n 4 ./poisson -n 32 -solver 0 -timer -dryrun```

To see options: use option help, -help, or --help

The shape of the processor grid and the size of the grid assigned to each processor is decided at runtime with the options -pgrid, -n, -ni, -nj, and -nk. If both -n and -ni (or nj or nk) are specified, -ni will overwrite -n for that specific side.

Other parameters such as domain size, correlation lengths, envelope functions, and source terms are determined by ```'param_<model_name>.c'```. Edit the file and run make again for different parmeters.

Boundary conditions, stencil structure, etc. are in ```'model_<model_name>.c'```.

The output is in ```'<output_directory>/<model_name>_<grid_dimensions>_<date_and_time>.h5'```  
```<output_directory>``` is specified by the option -output (or -o) (default '.')

To add a model, create a ```'param_<model_name>.c'``` and ```'model_<model_name>.c'``` following the structure of the other models, and add the ```<model_name>``` to the list of models in the Makefile.

Current models: poisson, general_xy, 
Old models: disk_xy, disk_logr, noisy_uniform, noisy_disk

The default parameters for poisson are useful for testing the program. The solution should match sin(x0)sin(x1)sin(x2) on a periodic domain {0,2Pi} x {0,2Pi} x {0,2Pi}. 

Index naming conventions:  
Given a stencil {i,j,k}, HYPRE has k as the slowest varying index. Thus, the indices correspond to x0 = k, x1 = j, x2 = i. 

13 Feb 2020
